Add brief explanation of what MVID is to deterministic docs (#34452)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/language-reference/compiler-options/code-generation.md

<Deterministic>true</Deterministic>
```

> By default, compiler output from a given set of inputs is unique, since the compiler adds a timestamp and an MVID (a "Module Version ID". Basically it is a GUID that uniquely identifies the module and version.) that is generated from random numbers. You use the `<Deterministic>` option to produce a *deterministic assembly*, one whose binary content is identical across compilations as long as the input remains the same. In such a build, the timestamp and MVID fields will be replaced with values derived from a hash of all the compilation inputs. The compiler considers the following inputs that affect determinism:

Reviewer: The best link is the API reference:

```suggestion
By default, compiler output from a given set of inputs is unique, since the compiler adds a timestamp and an MVID (a <xref:System.Reflection.Module.ModuleVersionId%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType>. Basically it is a GUID that uniquely identifies the module and version.) that is generated from random numbers. You use the `<Deterministic>` option to produce a *deterministic assembly*, one whose binary content is identical across compilations as long as the input remains the same. In such a build, the timestamp and MVID fields will be replaced with values derived from a hash of all the compilation inputs. The compiler considers the following inputs that affect determinism:
```

Author: I applied the suggestion you posted, @BillWagner, thank you!
However, I did it without GH suggestions as I wanted to check how those links work so I can learn locally. Hope you don't mind?
